very good to all youtube patients
that you are welcome to a
new video hopefully it will also be
upload youtube at 60 fps is because I'm cool
because I like it even though I throw all the
fucking night uploading the video welcome
I think it's the combat map in
domain a game that will be good
amazing I swear that the command had it
me and not another person that you can think
that dominates with the last ones that I that
sure there are zillions but it
that this call of duty tachán tachán
it turns out that I am doing fairly well and
in fact this game that was equal the
fourth or fifth game that plays because
I'm level 10 11 with the double theme
experience goes up pretty fast and
finished with level 14 that wizard 136 91 nothing
it is a barbarity taking or taking
positions taking flags in the
domain is an absolute barbarity
taking out all the gusts and even
gusts that I did not even know I had to
he ended up throwing the tanks late
that they touch me a package in a good
now it has a different name
and taking out turrets that certainly not
they work are remote but I think that
they are also activated automatically
believe and if not then it is a shit of
gusts the gusts are pretty bad in
this game is pretty bad I want to say
that are not very so they are not very
powerful and they have me have that in
Embers because I do not know if it's good or bad
It's bad because it's not so fun
Take off streaks but it's good because
Like people do not surround you so much with such
to take off the gusts and eye the mouse
talking about gusts that I'm
taking out here because I've already been peeled
a few and wait for what you
I will go dark because here they are going to
start to come more and I do not know how much is
the good streak I let you tell it
you and I put it in the
comments what the time that I've been
I already live and send people because it's going to be
amazing here I got the word see is
shit or this is the most streak
high that I was wearing and it sucks
finished this yes killing one or two you have
to go around with him
co jug be on top you have to aim
very much and give them very well and go see
the belly is going to really be super
well also see me in pro plan
player defending like a Cossack
killing people and already while I'm going to
go commenting what I thought about this
color says that more surprised
pleasantly so I did not have
absolutely none
no preconceived idea if before and the
it's true that I loved it
liked much the same of all month I say
Small shit but right now
basically what I can get to him
ask for a game is that I have fun and this
game does it does it and it does
basically because he has corrected one of
his biggest mistakes are the errors that
they had already committed from the time
while a streak continues I and I
you know I'm not going to do a quad
look at the fit because I'm going to go now
same is going to be filled or is it already 3
now two more are already five eleven is I do not know
if it 's a quasi-consider I do not know but the
I really have a mouse here
flips
what I said to you have corrected one of the
biggest mistakes that is the subject of the
connection I do not know if they are servers
dedicated I have been told that I have heard that
nexgen yes but that in play 3 and xbox 360
no I do not know in the end frankly it gives me
same because if they are dedicated servers
I understand that it works well because it works
quite well at least in the
games that I have been playing in play 4
I give you my word 'that work
quite pretty well I do not know about myself in another
consolation or in play 4 but I do not know the
truth and if spirit pierre as always
I will consider what is wrong
because this is already part of the
past but the truth is that it is very
well done very well implemented and as
minimum works well and the truth is that
is pretty good and the issue of
gusts is what I have told you not
I do not know maybe if they were more powerful the
people would change more it's clear that this
it's a shooter and people are going to camp yes
or yes I do not like it very much there are times that
situation asks for it but there are people who
done systematically by more than
what you want to avoid is impossible because
this is a shooter and people are there
very campera people then I know what was
the error that for example they corrected in
the past that they have corrected from the past
where to say, for example,
I remember that I do not know if it was in black ops 2
or in critics I do not know what they said that
they would do an anti-camper game that they would do
some anti-country maps that not only
they wanted and they the moment that
they were saying is not the time that
they were getting it they were doing that
I'm leaving because I'm descojono because no no
does not have football sense aesthetic game
that we had it on the roof does not have
no sense no then what is that is
what they have done well now good now
basically they have done well one thing that
is that the subject of the exoskeleton with this
new mobility that you can go for all
sides up and down can
get to be a tad easier
catch the campers or evade the
campers do not make a maneuver
quick evasion to try to get out of
the faults of the camper or the bastard do not
good is also true that give them
more space to camp because now
with the tall doubles then they went up
the roofs and you're in the
camperos roof but good I think that
the subject of the exoskeleton must see
how it evolves because this is just one
first impression on everything I'm
saying is a first impression what
first that I thought and how to play
I thought it was fun
I say it is graphically nothing special
world at the sound level is nothing
another world has improved in the section
graphic referring to the last color
beauty was not hard to say it but
yes it is true that eye the drop itself yes is
true that good that is the truth not
I know I think I think it's pretty good that
you're funny that's what you're going to
ask a beauty color that is
fun to a battle film I do not know if
we will be fair or just other types of
shooters like we're asking for something more
we are not asking for it to be graphically
spectacular realist I do not know that it is not
well mark this is a case to a game
casual tickets you play 10 minutes 20 a
whatever it is but they are departures
fast
what are you going to and point
and do not look for more income good the truth
is that the game has been good or are
totally mind-blowing not if to these
heights there is someone who is doubting that
be me
I understand it perfectly and to me
they teach this part of three days ago and
I do not believe it and they tell me a week ago
I really like the new school
my first impression has been good and
I really have not believed it but good
you guys have to have the heart
and the open mind that's just the rest
you close it because good I do not know what new
call of duty has improved be better than
the others are not and it seems that there are people
that just as fucking not to be happy
pussy that more offer no more offer of
leisure and good
everything is better for us in 62
like a great game together with valero
there doing doing the two stand a
new another all the one and nothing my
call of duty impressions have been
I hope you liked it and if
you want more videos and you do not have more
what to say I will try to bring what
that you like the ear pig far
those are big words a hug
huge and see you and see you soon